Yusei: NOW LET'S
GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH! 5D'S!
♪
Lawton: NOBODY
ESCAPES THIS MOUNTAIN!
YOU WANNA
GET OUTTA HERE?
LET ME
HELP YOU.
THIS WAY, YOU CAN
REALLY GO OUT WITH A BANG!
♪
(EXPLOSION)
OH...
(CHUCKLING)
♪
OH...
HEY! WHAT'S THIS?
Barbara: WE TIED YOU UP
WHILE YOU WERE SNORING AWAY.
(CHUCKLES)
AND WHY DID
YA' DO THAT?
REMEMBER LAST NIGHT WHEN YOU
SIGNED THE DEED OF THE TOWN
OVER TO ME?
WELL, I MAY HAVE FORGOTTEN
TO MENTION THAT I WAS MARRIED
TO YOUR BROTHER.
YOU'RE
MARRIED TO LAWTON?
SHE SURE IS!
SO WHATEVER
BELONGS TO BARBARA...
WELL, IT BELONGS
TO ME AS WELL.
YOU BETRAYED ME!
Kalin: I WILL
FIGHT FOR THOSE
WHO HAVE LOST
THEIR FREEDOM
AND AS FOR THOSE WHO
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE LOST
AND THE
DESPERATE
I WILL SHOW THEM
THAT JUSTICE HAS
A NAME AND A FACE!
LET'S GO
SAVE THOSE KIDS.
♪
NO.
NO WAY.
Nico: KALIN!
WHOA!
YOU GUYS WANNA
GET OUTTA HERE?
YOU BET WE DO!
Lawton:
WELL, WELL, WELL.
I NEVER EXPECTED YOU TWO
TO CRAWL OUT OF THAT CANYON.
WHAT DO YOU BOYS SAY THAT WE
JUST FINISH THINGS RIGHT HERE
AND RIGHT NOW?
I'LL DUEL BOTH OF YOU AT
THE SAME TIME-- HOW ABOUT IT?
YEAH, THAT'S PRETTY MUCH
WHAT WE CAME HERE FOR.
YUP.
AND THEN, ONCE WE'VE WON,
YOU AND BARBARA ARE GONNA
LEAVE THIS TOWN.
All: LET'S DUEL!
♪
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON GATLING
OGRE TO THE FIELD!
NOW I'LL USE INFERNITY
BEETLE NUMBER 1 TO ATTACK
GATLING OGRE!
NOT SO FAST, I REVEAL
THE BACK ATTACK AMBUSH TRAP!
AND WITH THIS IN PLAY,
THE BATTLE PHASE ENDS,
AND THEN, FOR EVERY MONSTER
YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD
IN
ATTACK MODE,
I CAN SUMMON AN
AMBUSH TOKEN TO MY FIELD.
FOR EVERY ONE
THAT I RELEASE,
GUESS WHO'S GONNA
TAKE 500 POINTS OF DAMAGE?
YOU!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
I ACTIVATE JUSTICE
BRINGER'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR AMBUSH TOKENS
AREN'T GOING
TO BE AMBUSHING
ANYONE'S
LIFE POINTS NOW.
Lawton: YOU'RE
GOING TO PAY FOR THAT.
-HA HA!
-HE SAVED HIM.
GO, YUSEI!
NICE TRY, LAWTON, BUT
KALIN AND I ARE TAKING YOU OUT.
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY
IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING
ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL
THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING
ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE
SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN
THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
ALL RIGHT-- MY DRAW!
FIRST, I'LL SEND ONE
MONSTER CARD TO THE GRAVE
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON THE
TUNER MONSTER QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON
FROM
MY HAND.
NOW, SINCE A TUNER
MONSTER IS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON FROM MY
GRAVE QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG!
BUT HE'S ONLY
PLAYING A SMALL PART
IN SOMETHING
MUCH BIGGER
'CAUSE NEXT I'M GONNA TUNE
LEVEL 5 QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON
WITH QUILLBOLT TO
CREATE A NEW AND EVEN MORE
MENACING MONSTER!
THAT'S RIGHT.
I'M SYNCHRO
SUMMONING...
NITRO WARRIOR!
AND NOW THIS
WARRIOR IS GONNA DO
WHAT HE DOES BEST AND THAT'S
WAGE WAR WITH GATLING OGRE!
UH!
YES. THAT TIME THE
FIREPOWER WAS ON OUR SIDE!
AND THERE'S EVEN
MORE FIREPOWER TO COME
BECAUSE NOW, SINCE
NITRO WARRIOR DESTROYED
YOUR
MONSTER,
HE CAN SWITCH ANOTHER
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS FROM
DEFENSE MODE
TO ATTACK MODE.
HUH.
AND THE BEST PART?
HE NOW GETS
TO ATTACK AGAIN!
(GROWLING)
UH!
GRR.
BUT I'M
NOT DONE YET.
JUSTICE BRINGER
IS NOW GONNA
BRING HIS BRAND OF
JUSTICE TO AMBUSH TOKEN!
♪
Yusei: I'LL THEN END MY
TURN WITH TWO FACEDOWNS.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, LAWTON--
TIME TO SEE HOW
TOUGH YOU ARE NOW
THAT YOU'VE
BEEN DISARMED.
WELL DONE, YUSEI...
SOMEHOW YOU'VE
MADE THIS DUEL
UP FOR GRABS AGAIN
WITH JUST ONE TURN!
Lawton: WRONG!
-HUH?
THE ONE AND ONLY
THING THAT YOU'VE MADE...
IS ME MAD!
MY TURN, AND I PLAY THE
SPELL CARD OF BURIAL MAGIC.
NOW BY REMOVIN'
THREE SPELL CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY,
I CAN DRAW TWO
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
NEXT, I'LL RELEASE TWO
AMBUSH TOKENS ON MY FIELD
TO SUMMON
BLASTER OGRE!
(GRUNT)
DID HE SAY
BLASTER OGRE?
OH WELL, SO MUCH FOR
THINKING WE DISARMED HIM.
Lawton:
GOT THAT RIGHT
'CAUSE THANKS TO
BLASTER OGRE'S ABILITY,
THE MONSTER ON YOUR
FIELD IN ATTACK MODE
THAT HAS THE
MOST ATTACK POINTS
IS AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYED AND THEN YOU GET HIT
WITH HALF THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
'COURSE, DUE TO YOUR
INFERNITY ZERO'S ABILITY,
YOU WON'T EVEN LOSE
WHEN YOU HAVE 0 LIFE POINTS.
BUT YOU WILL GAIN ONE DOOM
COUNTER FOR EVERY 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE YOU TAKE.
AND WHEN YOU HAVE
THREE OF THOSE COUNTERS?
THEN IT'S
LIGHTS OUT!
NOW BLASTER OGRE!
IT'S TIME TO
TAKE DOWN KALIN. GO!
♪
THAT ARCHFIEND HAD
1800 ATTACK POINTS.
HALF OF
THAT IS 900!
WHAT'S IT
ALL ADD UP TO?
A WHOLE MESS OF
SUPER HIGH CALIBER HURT!
♪
Kalin: AAH!
KALIN!
♪
Lawton: THAT'S
TWO DOOM COUNTERS!
JUST ONE MORE, AND IT'LL BE
THE END OF THE ROAD FOR YOU!
AND SINCE I CAN USE
MY OGRE'S ABILITY TWICE,
THAT END IS HERE!
WHAT?
HA HA HA! HE'S READY
TO BLAST ALL OVER AGAIN
AND THAT LEAVES YOU
WITH NOTHING BUT TROUBLE!
GO!
I REVEAL MY TRAP
CARD-- SKILL TWIST!
NO!
YUSEI?
SKILL TWIST LETS ME
REDIRECT A MONSTER'S ABILITY
TO ANOTHER
MONSTER ON THE FIELD.
SO YOU...
TOOK THE HIT?
WE'RE TEAMMATES.
AND THAT'S
WHAT TEAMMATES DO.
YEAH? NOT FOR
LONG YOU'RE NOT.
YOU LOST 1400 LIFE
POINTS WITH THAT TRAP!
MEANIN' YOU'RE GOING TO
BE GONE IN ONE MORE ROUND!
I'LL TOSS ONE
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
ONE MORE ROUND, HUH?
WHAT MAKES
YOU SO CERTAIN
THAT YOU'LL BE
HERE BY THEN?
IT'S MY TURN NOW...
AND FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD BLASTER CARTRIDGE!
I MUST NOW SEND
FOUR CARDS IN MY DECK
TO THE GRAVE.
♪
Lawton: THAT CARD
HE'S SENDING AWAY
IS INFERNITY
DOOM SLINGER!
NEXT I DRAW
ONE CARD...
THEN I TAKE
THE SPELL CARD
BLASTER CARTRIDGE AND PLACE
IT AT THE TOP OF MY DECK.
WHEN I DRAW
THIS CARD AGAIN
I SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
Lawton thinking:
I'VE SEEN THIS BEFORE...
Kalin:
I'M GONNA DRAW
THE TOP CARD
ON MY DECK,
AND IF THIS
CARD ENDS UP BEING
A MONSTER CARD, YOU'LL
GET SLAMMED WITH 4800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
AND I'M AFRAID THAT'S
GOING TO BE ALL SHE WROTE
FOR YOU,
LAWTON.
HOWEVER, IF THIS CARD
ISN'T A MONSTER CARD,
THEN I TAKE 4000
POINTS OF DAMAGE,
WHICH WOULD SLAP ME WITH
THE THREE DOOM COUNTERS
REQUIRED TO
FINISH ME OFF.
INFERNITY DOOM
SLINGER IS A MONSTER
WITH A
ROULETTE ABILITY.
IF KALIN USES IT,
HE'LL HAVE TO DRAW A CARD.
THEN, DEPENDING ON WHAT
CARD IS DRAWN AN EFFECT
WILL TAKE PLACE.
BUT THE THING IS, I KNOW
WHAT CARD HE HAS ON THE TOP
OF HIS DECK.
IT'S A SPELL CARD.
WHICH MEANS THE MOMENT
HE USES DOOM SLINGER,
HE'S GONNA BE
OUT OF THIS DUEL.
WHICH MEANS I'VE
GOT TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO
GET HIM TO USE
THAT DOOM
SLINGER OF HIS!
♪
KALIN...THE KEY TO WINNING
THIS DUEL IS GONNA BE TAKING
DOWN LAWTON'S
BARREL OGRE.
I COULDN'T
AGREE MORE.
WHICH IS WHY I'M SUMMONING
INFERNITY RANDOMIZER!
BUT HE WON'T BE
STAYING FOR LONG
BECAUSE I'M
TUNING HIM WITH
THE LEVEL 2
INFERNITY BEETLES
AND THE LEVEL 3
INFERNITY BEAST.
WATCH AS THE SINISTER
SPIRITS THAT INHABIT
EACH OF THESE CREATURES
COMBINE INTO ONE...
WATCH AS I
SUMMON FORTH
THE INFERNITY
DOOM DRAGON!
AT LAST, KALIN'S
SYNCHRO MONSTER!
THAT THING
SURE IS BIG...
(GROWLS)
Computer voice:
INFERNITY DOOM DRAGON
IS A LEVEL 8
DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 3000 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2400 DEFENSE POINTS.
YOU MAY
THINK YOU GOT ME
BUT MY OGRE IS
STILL MORE MACHO
IN THE ATTACK POINT
DEPARTMENT THAN THAT
BUSTED-LOOKIN'
BEAST IS!
TRUE.
BUT WHOEVER SAID THAT THIS
FIGHT WAS GOING TO COME DOWN
TO ATTACK POINTS?
YOU SEE,
WITH DOOM DRAGON,
WHEN I HAVE ZERO
CARDS IN MY HAND,
ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS IS DESTROYED
AND THEN
YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
SAY WHAT?
SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR PRECIOUS
BLASTER OGRE, THAT'S WHAT!
GO, DOOM DRAGON--
INFERNAL FLAME BLAST!
I PLAY MY TRAP
CARD-- METAL COAT!
I EQUIP THIS COAT ONTO ONE
MONSTER ON MY FIELD AND THEN
THAT MONSTER CAN'T GET
DESTROYED BY CARD EFFECTS!
MY DRAGON CAN'T
ATTACK ON A TURN
WHERE HE
USES HIS ABILITY
SO...
I'LL STOP THERE.
Lawton: STOP THERE?
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE TOUGH GUY
WHO SAID I
WOULDN'T BE MAKIN' IT
TO ANOTHER ROUND?
GUESS YOUR BARK IS
WORSE THAN YOUR BITE.
JUST LIKE YOUR
DOOM DRAGON--
WHAT A WASTE
OF A TURN! HA HA HA!
Yusei: OUR TURN'S
NOT OVER-- NOW I'M UP.
AND YOUR
OGRE'S GOING DOWN.
♪
Man: THAT YUSEI
GUY SAID HE'S GONNA
TAKE DOWN
LAWTON'S OGRE--
GUESS WE'RE
ABOUT TO SEE HOW!
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
AND I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER BRI SYNCHRON!
♪
NOW LEVEL 4
BRI SYNCHRON TUNES
WITH LEVEL 4
JUSTICE BRINGER.
OUT OF TWO
WILL COME ONE.
AND OUT OF ONE, WILL
COME GREAT COSMIC MIGHT!
TAKE FLIGHT
STARDUST DRAGON!
AND NOW,
SINCE BRI SYNCHRON
WAS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
FOR A SYNCHRO SUMMONING,
HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
AN ABILITY THAT NEGATES
STARDUST DRAGON'S EFFECT
BUT GIVES HIM 600
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS
TILL THIS
TURN'S END PHASE!
BUT THEN--?!
THEN IT HAS MORE POINTS
THAN YOUR BLASTER OGRE!
NOW GO STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK THAT OGRE!
(ROAR)
I DON'T
THINK SO!
BY SENDING THE METAL
COAT THAT'S EQUIPPED
TO BLASTER OGRE
TO THE GRAVE,
MY MONSTER CAN'T BE
DESTROYED BY YOUR ATTACK!
Yusei: IN THAT CASE
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SYNCHRO BLAST,
AND SINCE A SYNCHRO
MONSTER JUST ATTACKED,
IT CAN NOW BLAST YOU WITH A
WHOPPING 500 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
THEN WE'VE REACHED
THE TURN'S END PHASE
AND YOUR
DRAGON'S POINTS...
RETURN TO NORMAL.
Yusei:
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
HA HA HA!
MY POINT IS
YOU COULDN'T TAKE
OUT MY OGRE AGAIN!
THAT MAY BE
SO, LAWTON,
BUT WHAT MATTERS IS
THE STAGE HAS BEEN SET.
FOR WHAT?
FOR YOU BEING
DEFEATED THIS NEXT TURN!
♪
NO ONE'S GONNA
SEE ANYTHING!
'CAUSE THIS
DUEL IS OVER!
BARBARA?
WHAT GIVES?
I'LL TELL
YOU WHAT...
SINCE THERE'S A
CHANCE YOU COULD LOSE THIS
WE'LL
JUST STOP!
WAIT, YOU WANT TO
STOP THE DUEL MID-MATCH?
BUT THAT GOES
AGAINST THE TOWN RULES!
Barbara: I THINK YOU'RE
FORGETTING SOMETHING.
LAWTON RUNS THIS TOWN,
SO HE MAKES THE RULES!
WHICH MEANS IF HE'S SO INCLINED,
HE CAN BREAK THEM, TOO!
SO THERE.
BARBARA...
(BOTH GASP)
IT'S OVER,
YOU TWO.
NOW SURRENDER AND
PREPARE TO MEET YOUR FATE.
IF NOT, BAD THINGS WILL
HAPPEN TO THESE KIDS!
DON'T
LISTEN!
FORGET US!
NO, YOU
WOULDN'T DARE!
I WOULD!
STOP IT!
Nico: NO, DON'T!
THERE'RE MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS THAN ME
AND MY
BROTHER, KALIN.
LIKE
THIS DUEL.
SO KEEP
FIGHTING!
WE'RE
COUNTING ON YOU.
THE WHOLE TOWN IS
COUNTING ON YOU TO PROVE
THERE'S STILL
HOPE FOR US ALL!
Nico: YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BE THE VILLAIN OF THIS TOWN!
YOU CAN BE THE ONE
WHO SAVES US ALL!
Barbara: THAT'S
PURE NONSENSE!
NO, SHE'S RIGHT!
WE'VE BEEN UNDER LAWTON'S
THUMB FOR LONG ENOUGH!
YEAH, AND IF
KALIN CAN WIN THIS
THEN JUST MAYBE
THINGS WILL CHANGE!
THIS DUEL'S
GOTTA GO ON
SO WE CAN AT
LEAST FIND OUT!
YOU'RE
RIGHT.
GOOD
POINT.
ALL RIGHT
THEN...
IT'S
GAME ON!
BIG
TIME.
♪
YOU'LL PAY
FOR QUESTIONING
LAWTON'S
AUTHORITY!
(GUNSHOTS)
Lawton: YOU CAN
SAY THAT AGAIN.
UH!
YOU TELL 'EM!
WAIT-- WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
SO WHAT...ARE YOU JUST GOING
TO SHOCK BLAST EVERYONE?
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE A DUELIST!
I'M MANY
THINGS.
YOU PUNK!
WHAT NOW?
Lawton: I'LL
TELL YA WHAT NOW...
NOW I REESTABLISH
MY CONTROL OVER THESE PEOPLE
BY MAKING A SHOW
OF SOME REAL FORCE.
AND I'LL THINK I'LL MAKE
THAT SHOW...ON YOU TWO!
UH!
LOOKS LIKE I GOT HERE
JUST IN THE NICK OF TIME!
IT'S CROW!
THAT'S RIGHT.
I TOOK A RIDE TO LOOK
FOR YUSEI...HOWDY, BUD!
♪
KALIN!
HELP,
SHE'S GOT US!
WHY YOU--!
STOP! DON'T COME
ANY CLOSER OR ELSE!
NO. STOP!
♪
I ONLY LAY
A HAND ON A WOMAN
IF SHE LAYS
HERS ON A CHILD.
JACK, TOO?
Jack: YUSEI!
THE NEXT TIME
YOU STEP OUT,
MAYBE LEAVE A NOTE,
YOU'LL BE EASIER TO FIND!
AMAZING-- THE ENFORCERS
ARE ALL TOGETHER AGAIN!
LOOK, SIS!
THOSE FOUR
LOOK UNSTOPPABLE!
THIS IS
AWESOME!
WHAT?
OH YEAH,
WE TOOK THE LIBERTY
OF CALLING IN A
FEW REINFORCEMENTS.
AND LISTEN UP KIDS,
THEY FOUND YOUR DAD!
HE'S A LITTLE BANGED
UP, BUT HE'LL BE FINE.
YOU RAT!
HA HA HA!
(EXPLOSIONS)
YOU DIDN'T THINK I'D GO
DOWN WITHOUT A FIGHT, DID YA?
♪
Lawton: I'M
OUTTA HERE!
SEE YA!
HA HA HA!
KIDS,
ARE YOU OKAY?
-YEAH...
-THINK SO...
LAWTON...
KALIN, TAKE
MY DUEL RUNNER!
FINISH THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
I BELIEVE IN
YOU, WE ALL DO.
THANKS, YUSEI,
HE'S ALL MINE.
♪
HUH?
GOING
SOMEWHERE?
LEMME GUESS, KALIN,
YOU WANNA FINISH THE DUEL.
YOU BET, LAWTON,
MORE THAN ANYTHING, I DO!
BUT EVEN THOUGH THAT
MAY BE, I'M NOT GOING TO.
WHAT?
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I
REALIZED SOMETHING,
WATCHING YOU
BACK AT THE TOWN.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE
HEART OF A DUELIST.
YOU SEE, YOU'RE
NOTHING BUT A BULLY.
SO YOU DON'T GET TO GO
DOWN ON THE DUEL FIELD.
YOU GO DOWN
HERE, AS A COWARD.
Man: HOW
DOES THIS LOOK?
(MEN TALKING)
YOU GOTTA MAKE
THAT A WINDOW.
WATCH IT.
HEY, DON'T I
GET A PHONE CALL?
LOOK, WE'RE REALLY
SORRY ABOUT WHAT WE DID...
PLEASE, SIR, DON'T TAKE
US AWAY TO THE FACILITY.
RELAX.
I'M NOT TAKING
ANYONE ELSE ANYWHERE.
YA SEE, THIS TOWN NEEDS
PEOPLE TO HELP REBUILD.
THAT WILL BE
YOUR REHABILITATION.
-HAPPY TO OBLIGE.
-YOU GOT IT, SIR!
WE'RE ON THE JOB!
♪
SO IS IT
TRUE, KALIN?
YOU'RE
STAYING?
Kalin: THAT'S RIGHT.
I WANT TO HELP THIS TOWN
REACH ITS FULL POTENTIAL
AND MAKE SURE
THESE TWO ARE OKAY
UNTIL THEIR DAD
FULLY RECOVERS.
THANK YOU, KALIN!
YEAH,
YOU'RE AWESOME!
Kalin: YUSEI...YOU MADE
ALL OF THIS POSSIBLE.
THANK YOU.
YOU WERE RIGHT,
THE DARKNESS HAS LEFT ME.
KALIN.
I DUNNO, I'D
KINDA LIKE TO THINK
THAT I MADE SOME
OF IT POSSIBLE, TOO.
OH, COME ON...
IF ANYONE DESERVES
CREDIT, IT'S ME.
DID YOU SEE HOW I
RESCUED THOSE KIDS?
I SHOULD
GET A MEDAL!
♪
-BYE, GUYS!
THE DARKNESS HAS LEFT ME
AND BEEN REPLACED BY LIGHT.
AND NOW, THE SAME
HOLDS TRUE FOR THIS TOWN.